We have some clients that run webinars
that are at million dollars a month
exclusively doing webinars. We have
other clients that are at million
dollars a month that leverage webinars
in a chunk method to get to
million-dollar months. Meaning the
webinars contribute a couple hundred
grand of that and something else like a
call funnel or low ticket to high ticket
or whatever else it may be like a
challenge funnel are worked in there
too. Webinars are awesome. Whether it's
the strategy that gets you there or the
strategy that helps you get there,
they're a fundamental part of
million-dollar months when you have some
type of high ticket product or service
business. And I'm going to go through
some of the top lessons of how to get
your webinar launched. In this video, we
have an entire video already dedicated
on this channel to a lot of very
in-depth scaling oriented webinar
lessons, but in this particular one,
we're going to be talking about getting
it off the ground and what to do with
it. If you're new to the channel,
welcome in. My name is Jeremy Haynes.
All we talk about around here is hitting
million-dollar months. We don't make any
income claims. We just take lessons from
the currently 41 different businesses
that we've helped, been there, done
that, hand them down to you right here
on YouTube. Again, no income claims,
just lessons. And if you're already a
subscriber, welcome back. It's always a
pleasure to have you here. Let's jump in
and try to help you get rich. So,
launching a webinar, the first thing
that you got to do is some research.
Okay. Surprisingly, and this one always
shocks me, very few people that actually
want to launch webinars go and watch
webinars from people who are already
[__] crushing it with them. As an
example, I won't say the revenue amount
that this gentleman makes, but I will
say the gentleman's name. Mr. Tom Cruz,
the section 8 legend in the info space,
does a webinar on a weekly basis. He
typically hosts them on Wednesdays. Tom
hates sales people. Almost all of his
revenue is driven through his education
company from these webinars and in
addition to that through some DM sales
that the man does. Tom has done webinars
now for years. Back when I met Tom in I
think it was like 2020 or 2021. I paid
him 500 bucks. Did a call with him. He
was teaching me about section 8 at the
time on a one-on-one call. I don't know.
Got all my questions answered. I felt
like the first 30 minutes. I spent the
following 30 minutes telling Big Money
Tom what to do in order to make some big
money with his education business. Took
Tom 3 days. turned around, you know,
again, made a made a large sum of cash
within that first 30-day window and then
every month since has been doing
extremely well. However, Tom's strength
has always been webinars. So, again, the
guy's done them for ongoing now, like
four plus years on a weekly basis. What
kind of lessons do you think somebody
like Tom has learned about webinars,
doing them weekly for years in a row
that you might be able to learn from
attending one of them? I would imagine a
lot. How many other people like Tom out
there have you heard make a lot of money
from a webinar and yet you've never
actually attended their [__] webinar
and tried to intentionally show up with
a perspective of I'm here to learn. I'm
going to watch what this guy does and
try to pull some lessons from it. It
doesn't even have to be from your niche.
It doesn't have to be something that you
directly sell. Doesn't have to be a
competitor. Some of the best ways to
learn lessons are from things that
aren't directly from your niche. Not to
negate the fact that learning directly
from people that do what you do too
helps a lot. But again, taking yourself
outside of that frame very beneficial
for the learning process. It really all
starts by just going to some webinars.
Okay, as shocking as this is, I open up
with this point because it's such an
undermined tactic. Okay, you might
think, "Oh, well, I got this guy or I
got this girl that's going to go spend
the time doing that shit." But it's like
if you're the one that's presenting it,
okay? Even if they're the one that's
going to help build the deck for you, as
an example, you're the one [__]
presenting it, you're the one doing it.
You've obviously got to know what you're
doing. Webinars are an acquired skill.
Some people are great at group selling,
some people aren't. Some people are
great at public speaking, some people
suck ass at it. It is an acquired skill.
Even if you go into it feeling like
you're the [__] man and you're going
to do great, it's still awesome to learn
those little tips. I'll give you a
perfect example of one of these little
tips. If you're doing a cold webinar,
meaning your traffic source is people
who have no idea who you are, okay? And
you're selling into that demographic and
you've just gone back to back to back to
back with a bunch of value dense
information that's been extremely
helpful for them. And you're officially
ready to transition to the point of
selling. There's this concept that was
introduced by one of the info OG
legends, Mr. Russell Brunson. Russell
had said this concept called asking for
permission to go into the close. It's an
incredible tip and it's so simple to do
and it works flawlessly. It's it's
amazing when you deploy it. But you
wouldn't have any idea about that tactic
if you didn't do something as simple as
just going and watching or learning from
somebody like Russell for how he
executes his webinars. What he'll do is
all the value dense information when he
gets to the point where he's ready to
actually transition to the close, he'll
say, "Listen guys, I have a lot that I
can do to help you, but some of the
stuff I can do to help you, I've put
together an offer that's a paid offer,
and I'd love the opportunity to
officially introduce it to you, talk
about it, and see if it makes sense for
you to buy. If it's okay if I transition
to talking to you guys about that and
giving you the opportunity to get that
additional help you need, can you just
do me a favor? Can you drop a one in the
chat?" Just drop a one in the chat or
say yes. just give me permission and
transition into this opportunity to help
you guys more. And then he'll sit there
and he'll look at the chat and he'll be
like, "Yeah, a bunch of [__] ones and
yeses. Cool. Okay." And then he'll just
start [__] pitching. It's amazing
that little bridge. And that's one tip
of like [__] dozens I can think of
that come from SOPs. Like I have a
72page mastering webinars SOP with
frameworks for affluent webinars,
frameworks for the general public
webinars, examples of affluent webinars,
examples of general public webinars. I
have an entire section of that SOP
dedicated just to objection handling
within the webinar. Okay? Let alone the
infinite amount of tips that come to the
frequency you should do them, how long
they should be, and all the other things
that are inside of SOPs like that. My
point being, it pays a lot and it
shortens the time frame that it takes to
get to the point of profitability when
you actually start watching some
webinars and you start educating
yourself from people who are awesome at
webinars and you learn from them. Okay,
super pro tip. One of the other things
that I want to make really clear, okay,
we talked about this in another video
that I recently had made where I'm going
over how to launch call funnels. And I
had said at the beginning of the video,
I was like, "Guys, you got to jump into
the trenches and like, you got to get on
sales calls. That's where you're going
to learn the most valuable information
to be able to understand what you need
to carry over to the front end and the
back end and make closing easier and the
lessons you can hand down to your sales
team." It's the same thing here. It's
like get in the weeds, okay? Watch some
webinars, educate yourself, okay? And
remember, it doesn't have to be webinars
of direct competitors. It doesn't have
to even be webinars from people that are
within your niche. It just can be from
watching webinars period. Okay? And then
educate yourself on the flow. There is a
very key. Remember, webinars are a
skill. It's like group selling. Okay?
You have to know how that flow works. I
just recently did a video inside of my
inner circle weekly group call library
where I talked about the differences in
selling to warm audiences versus the
differences in selling to cold
audiences. And I'll tell you some tips
now as it relates to launching a
webinar. Okay? Depending on where you're
at, some of these tips are applicable
and some of them you need to pay
attention to the latter half of what I'm
going to say. If you're somebody that's
already got a great organic presence and
ideally you're trying to launch an offer
via paid advertising, something that you
can have some predictability and scale
with. And maybe you've even done
webinars or some kind of like live
selling before on your organic side of
things. That indicates that you have
what we call a warm audience. Okay, warm
audiences, just to be clear, are these
retargetable audiences of like website
visitors, your email list, all the
social interaction you've got, and on
top of that, all the video viewers
you've got. And you can add all these
different audiences into a little
interest stack where you get the
opportunity to target these people via
your paid ads. Need I not say the people
who already know who you are, who
already have some familiarity with you,
who already have interactions with you,
are going to show up a lot differently
comparatively to cold audiences. Okay?
Sometimes we come into a business,
they've got a proven offer, like it's
already sold well with a warm audience
via paid ads, but they really suck at
transitioning into cold paid
advertising, but they want to figure out
a way to do it. There is a big
difference in how you execute the
webinars for your organic audience, even
for your warm paid ad audience. There's
still some subtle differences and
comparatively it's like an extremely
different end of the spectrum when you
talk about cold paid audiences from
webinars. People who have no idea who
you are. They're interested in your
message. They're interested in what you
have to talk about, what you can help
them with, but they don't give a [__]
about you at all. They have no idea who
you are. They don't like you at all.
They're judging you critically when
they're a cold paid audience. These
subtle differences in choosing which one
of these types of audiences to initially
launch into can really dictate how much
house money you're going to acquire
right away. So, one thing that I want to
make really clear is when you promote a
webinar, it's a lumpsum funnel. Okay?
It's not a daily lead flow thing. It's a
lumpsum funnel. You are ideally going to
get enough people there, enough money
out of doing it where you're going to
get a nice little spike in revenue. That
spike drops off rather dramatically
fast. However, you're going to get a
spike. You're going to get a big lift in
overall return from this. But it's going
to all be within a handful of days, like
72 hours, sometimes up to like 5 days
tops, and then it just all dies back
off. And in almost all instances,
especially when you're doing cold paid
advertising, warm paid advertising,
you're obviously fronting cash, okay?
And you're fronting cash for anywhere
from about a week to maybe two weeks out
from when the webinar is. and all that
fronted cash. Obviously, you're going to
risk trying to return and then get into
profit all at once on the webinar
itself. Therefore, this is a little
different. We need to focus on what we
call house money due to the risks of the
webinar. If you have an organic audience
and you've never done any kind of
webinar for them, you've, as an example,
scaled with call funnels or low ticket
to high ticket or challenge funnels,
whatever. Introducing a webinar to your
organic audience doesn't have any cost
to it besides the time and effort to do
it. That's a great way to accumulate
some house money and give yourself an
opportunity with a a very warmed up
audience that's not going to be as
critical of you, that's going to give
you a shot if you mess up, that's going
to, you know, just kind of bear with you
a little bit longer compared to what
cold paid audiences are going to be like
comparatively. Okay, if you got an
organic audience and you've never done a
webinar to them, that could be a great
place to start. Promote it aggressively
enough to get the right amount of people
there. That way, you can accumulate some
house money. Okay? Because here's the
thing, webinars are just math. That's
all they are. You have to have enough
people that register for it to factor in
a relatively low show rate. Like for
cold paid advertising, as an example,
you could see anywhere between like a 10
to maybe 15% show rate conservatively.
Even if you do everything right, that
just might be what it is for your
audience. With an organic audience, on
the other hand, not warm paid
advertising, but a straightup organic
audience, you might get upwards of like
a 30 or a 40% show rate. And that's a
lot more forgiving comparatively to all
the dollars you're going to have to
spend on cold paid advertising. Let me
just give you an example of what I'm
talking about here. And then I'll tie it
back to the house money point with the
math. Let's say I get a $20 cost per
lead. That's my cost per registrant to
the webinar. Let's use the example that
I have a 10% show rate and let's say
that I'm willing to front like $20,000
for my budget in this example. Okay. I'm
going to get a,000 registrants. Okay.
Out of those thousand registrants in
that example, if I get a 10% show rate,
that's a hundred people who show up.
Let's use the example that it's a
90inute webinar. Okay? And let's say
that around the 60 minute mark where
you're actually going to do your pitch.
Let's say that around that time frame,
you have roughly 70% of the people that
showed up that are still there during
the pitch. So you have 70 people during
the pitch. Okay. From here, you have
your conversion rate. And depending on
what you sell, you're either going to do
direct to checkout or you're just going
to go to book a call. Almost everybody
sitting here on this channel who has
something that costs more than about
$5,000, which almost all of you do, I
would encourage that you do a book a
call rather than a direct to checkout.
The things that are more costly above
$5,000 just typically don't do as well
when you do a direct to checkout. There
are a lot of very specific like personal
questions that relate to somebody's
circumstances and their situation that
dictate whether they do or do not buy.
Okay? And although yes, because you're
in a group setting and you're live,
there's an opportunity for you to get
those questions answered for those
individuals, not everybody's comfortable
saying things in front of others,
especially if they think that their
competitors are present, which a lot of
the times for industry specific
webinars, they're going to be,
especially if it's a B2B offer of some
kind. My point being, a lot of those
types of questions only are going to get
answered and asked on a one-on-one call,
thus why you push them over to book a
call instead. So, let's use the example
that I have uh 20% total conversion rate
on people booking a call. That's going
to be 14 calls. Okay? In that example,
let's say that I average a 50% show
rate, just to be conservative. And by
the way, it should be higher. Most of
the time with the webinar call show
rates, you're going to see upwards of
like 60s at the lowest, sometimes even
all the way into the 80s. But again,
conservatively, that means you're going
to have seven sales calls, okay? And
let's say that you actually close, you
know, 20% of those people or 30% of
those people. It's like you risked
$20,000. If you're not going to get more
money than that risk off of the two to
three people that close, it's like you
can see your statistics here are not
going to be in your favor to do a cold
paid advertising webinar. You're going
to have to make some adjustments. You
might have to, as an example, increase
the price. You might have to just do a
better job on the webinar to get a
higher conversion rate. You might have
to fix specific things. As an example,
like if your show rate sucked and only
was 50%. You need to do a lot more to
beef up the confirmation page and the
valuedriven email sequence and the
hammer them strategy that you're going
to deploy there. Fix your salespeople
too to manually send off some stuff. Try
to shorten the window of time that it
takes for people to get on the call. You
see, there's just like little
optimization things that can really [__]
you. It's a far greater risk to do a
cold paid advertising webinar
comparatively to doing it to your
organic audience andor your warm paid
advertising audience. So anyway, point
I'm trying to make now. Let's go back to
that second point I was making with the
house money point. Okay, your goal when
you first launch a webinar, when you
very first get it off the ground, is to
get enough profit put into your pocket
that you can then turn around and use on
the riskier webinars that are far more
scalable once you actually figure them
out and dial it in. I obviously have
huge limitations on the quantity of
webinars I can do and the amount of
people I can expect to register for them
if I just continuously do it for my
organic audience. And it's the same
thing for your warm paid advertising
audiences. I'm going to be limited on
frequency. I'm going to see diminishing
returns the more often that I do it. And
obviously, if my audience size isn't
growing, the the increased scale for
every time I try to do it to my limited
audiences, organic and warm, as an
example, is obviously going to limit the
revenue I can pull from it. So, the goal
of those first webinars isn't
necessarily to try to like immediately
scale into those specific audiences.
hold webinars are the most scalable
asset you've got in your webinar arsenal
strategy. Okay, but it's not necessarily
as an example just based on the math I
just articulated to you the most
efficient way to launch. It is
unrelenting how just intolerable the
cold paid a audience is going to be
towards you. They're highly judgmental.
They don't have they have a very razor
thin tolerance for anything that's not
super value dense and actually helpful
for them to stick around and justify
being there. They just don't give a [__]
about you yet. And rightfully so. But I
digress. The point I'm trying to make is
we're trying to accumulate house money
to be able to burn money free and clear
on that window of time where we figure
everything out, go through the
optimization strategy window and just
dial everything in for our most scalable
audience we have, which is cold. Okay.
So, the goal, and again, this is where
most people really get it wrong. They
have this finite window of time where
they eventually dial everything in. But
at the very start of it all, this is
when it sucks the most. Here at the very
beginning, right, if I accumulate house
money, okay, if here I'm just acquiring
as much as I can, I'm then going through
a period of time where I'm officially
spending some of that money on cold.
Okay, and the cold window, again,
unrelenting, not going to be fun. Going
to take several webinars to dial it in.
going to take a lot of tweaks, a lot of
changes, a lot of money, a lot of time,
a lot of iterations to eventually get to
the point where it's dialed in. And if
we look at this like anything below this
line represents financial loss and
anything above that line represents
financial gain. What happens is is
usually you go through a period where
you're going to burn. Okay? So, you get
a little bit of money at the beginning
and then you're ideally not losing a lot
before you eventually dial it all in and
you get to the point of just straight
profitability and scale and and
potential seven figure months. You know,
you're just punching the [__] up doing
big dog numbers. But to get to that
point, usually, okay, there's a small
window where I'm officially getting some
cash, okay? And then there's that window
where I start to lose some money, okay,
and I even start to burn a little bit.
Then I do another webinar to try to
accumulate a little more house money to
one of my more forgiving audiences like
my warm paid advertising audience or my
organic audience. And then I am on my
path to profitability and scale where
I've officially used my house money to
dial in my cold paid advertising
audience which is again going to be the
most scalable asset that we have out of
all the three of these audience types by
far. Now I want to be really clear when
I say this, okay? I brought this up at
the beginning before I talked about all
this. I said, "Hey, maybe you don't have
an organic audience. Maybe you don't
have a warm paid advertising audience to
use. Maybe you're literally just at the
start of this whole thing, okay? And
you're unfortunately going to have to go
straight into the cold paid advertising
audience and you don't really have a
choice otherwise. In that example, your
timeline's obviously going to look a
little bit different. You, my friend,
are going to have a much much more
significant duration of time where
you're burning money before you it's not
going to look that bad. You're you're
going to burn some money and then
eventually you're going to get to the
point where everything plays out well
for you. But that little dip of time, oh
boy, is it going to suck. And obviously,
you're going to go through more of a
financial loss comparatively to the
people who can subsidize their losses
with house money for more warm
audiences. So, keep that in mind. You
know, we had a client just recently.
They were launching an offer. It was a
$70,000 offer. It was a real estate info
product. And this guy does extremely
well with events. He does extremely well
with anything that's live. He does
extremely well with group selling. I
mean, this guy's a dog, you know, sharp
webinar skills. And we did this exact
test budget, and these were pretty much
the exact statistics to a degree that we
experienced on these first few webinars.
$20,000 per webinar, about a $20 cost
per lead, which arguably is pretty high.
We get a thousand people registered from
paid, very few people contributed to it
organically. Um, the guy does really
well on the first webinar. He did
awesome. He showed up. It was about 90
minutes long. It was towards a very
financially qualified, sophisticated
audience. We were profitable on the
first webinar. We accumulated about
$40,000 minus sales commissions of 20%.
It wasn't spectacular, you was maybe
tens of like thousands of dollars, maybe
almost $10,000 that the guy was able to
pocket from this whole risk. But that
wasn't the point. The point was, okay,
great. Let's prove it out. Let's see if
it works. Okay, now let's try it again
and see if it works twice. So the second
time around was just an utter failure.
Same exact statistics on the front end.
$20,000 spent, $20 cost per
registration, thousand people
registered. Pretty similar show rate,
about 15%. So we had 150 people show up
live to this one. However, the webinar
was like totally different. The guy
showed up and just kind of on his own
took this initiative to make a totally
different slide deck. Instead of making
like just subtle iterations to very
specific points in the previous webinar,
the guy did something totally [__]
different like a brand new webinar. The
webinar came out to like 3 hours long
which is intolerable to a rich and
sophisticated demographic. It just
doesn't make sense to do them that long.
Okay, so we all get like really
frustrated with this. That webinar had
one sale from it. Okay, there was like
three people that booked calls in there
and like out of all these folks that
were there during the pitch. It was just
brutal. The guy's energy the entire
webinar was way off. Like and he even
admitted right away, you know, this
wasn't like a shock. He was like, "Yeah,
guys, I completely [__] that up." And
that's what can happen in webinars. Like
it's a live event. You know, a lot of
people they ask questions, oh, can this
be automated? You know, is this
something I can turn evergreen? I mean
to be fair like eventually when you get
a really really good webinar sure you
could risk that but that's not what
you're doing at the beginning at the
beginning of all this when you're
launching like you are doing them live
remember what I talked about trench
level involvement you are in the [__]
weeds like you are here to get this
thing to work and even that as silly as
it sounds to just light $20,000 on fire
at the expense of that lesson I'll tell
you what that guy never did after that
he didn't show up with that deck again
he didn't show up and make dramatic
changes to the webinar when one of them
just worked relatively well. He made
minor iterations moving forward and he
made sure to show up in the right energy
state. Okay, webinars like your state,
how you are when you show up, especially
to cold audiences. I mean, it's make or
break it with funnels and conversion
mechanisms like this. It is uh critical
for you to show up in the right frame.
Okay? So, he never made that mistake of
showing up like [__] And he also never
did a three-hour webinar ever again. He
made sure to keep it within 90 minutes
for all aspects of what he wanted to
cover, including Q&A, the pitch, the
content, yada yada. Again, just want to
be clear, this guy got to about five
webinars in of just risking 20K per
webinar before we finally got to the
point where we were like, "Okay,
presentation seems dialed in. We're like
just above break even on all five of
these webinars that we've done so far."
And it seems like now the best thing to
do is officially scale it up. So instead
of on the sixth webinar just spending
$20,000 again, we immediately justified
spending
$80,000. Okay, so from 20 to 80,
everything was dialed in at this point.
That is a very important distinction of
when you officially cross over into when
you start to scale. Okay, it's after you
dial it in. It's after the leading
indicators, the signs of life officially
present themselves to you that you
figured out all those little things that
otherwise would [__] you if you chose to
scale. You figured out the show rate
sequences. You figured out the specific
variables that dictate whether somebody
shows up in the right frame. You figured
out the messaging on the front end to
get the right people through the webinar
in the first place. You figured out the
pitch. You figured out the content. You
dialed in everything. Okay? Everything.
And you figured out the backend things
like backend show rate, close rate, talk
tracks for the sales team to leverage.
All of it is good to go. That and only
then is when you officially press the
gas and scale it up and you take a
bigger risk. Now, here's the thing. This
guy le as I described he wasn't in a
position where he had an organic
audience or a warm audience to subsidize
the cost of all those risks that were
taken. However, and as ridiculous as it
might sound to some of the smaller
people on this webinar, those $20,000
risks and even the $80,000 risks, those
weren't ruining this guy financially.
They were risks worth taking to figure
this thing out. Okay? And that's what I
want to make clear. When you talk about
house money and you look at the math and
you just look at what you have to
actually spend to get a webinar to work,
this does take a little bit more risk
comparatively to something like a daily
lead flow funnel. Like these are a lot
more risky than call funnels. Believe it
or not, these are a lot more risky than
DM strategies, low ticket to high
ticket, even challenge funnels. Webinars
are pretty high risk comparatively to
any other strategy you can run due to
the fact that you have to have enough
people that register assuming show rates
and conservative amount of people there
during the pitch, conversion rates
throughout the pitch, show rates after
the pitch. Like you got to do the math
and assume that you spent enough to
actually have the numbers play out in
your favor. If you spend too little on a
webinar, like let's just say you chip a
few grand at this thing and you get like
low couple hundred people to show up.
That doesn't mean that your statistics
that follow are going to be different
than the conservative statistics that
I've laid out for you here now. Now, as
a matter of fact, you're probably
experienced similar statistics. So, my
point being, it's like this is a higher
risk simply because the dollars required
to risk in the first place is just a
greater amount to have the numbers play
out in your favor. Do not ignore the
financial modeling lesson that I just
articulated to you there. If you just
make up a number, which you're probable
to do anyway, that you feel comfortable
with, that's not going to put you in the
hole, that makes you feel good, great.
Feel free to do that. But just plug
whatever that number is that you make up
into a financial model with some of
these statistics that I've talked about
here. And just make sure it plays out in
your favor and that the risk is worth
taking. Because if you do that math
ahead of time, you'll see clear as day
in a very conservative fashion what it
could turn out like and whether the risk
is worth taking at all. Whether those
dollars might be better spent on a
different funnel that you could get into
motion. This type of funnel is only
worth creating and bringing to life when
you have the capital to work with, okay,
to bring it to life in the first place
and in addition to that to when you have
the time to go through the iteration
process because this isn't something
that just typically works straight away.
There are some people who are all star
at presenting, all stars at group
selling, and just have done webinars in
the past that are like, "Oh, I'm just
going to roll this out for one of my new
offers that I'm not doing it for now."
That's great. You have higher odds
comparatively to the guy or girl
watching this that has [__] all as
experience for webinars and just hasn't
done this before and is going to risk
like five grand to try to get it off the
ground. Okay? Factor in the skill level
of you as an individual into all this.
But either way, don't have a hubris to
the fact that you should still be in the
weeds to get this whole process started.
Now, there's many other tips that I love
to talk about when it comes to webinars,
but I withhold a lot of that for the
people who actually give me money. Okay?
There's links down in the description
you can check out for offers like my
inner circle program where you got to be
making at least 100K a month, ideally
much more than that. You're trying to
get a lot richer if you join into that
group twice a month, one-on-one calls,
weekly group calls, quarterly inerson
masterminds, a group chat full of rich
people trying to get a hell of a lot
richer, the ability to DM me whenever
you'd like and I'll answer all your
questions just like that. And of course,
you get unlimited access to AI Jeremy
for voice, video, and messaging
functions. We also have our master
internet marketing program that you can
go through. Seven full weeks, 3 to 5
hours per class, super in-depth
information. Each week covers a
different topic. We do live cohorts
typically on an annual basis or just
when enough changes in marketing to
justify doing it. We have the next
upcoming cohort in late summertime of
this year that we will be doing the
fifth cohort for that class. If you join
in now, you get access to the fourth
cohort, which is still really good
current information. There's just some
new things that I need to pepper in here
this upcoming summer. Enough's changed
to go back and update the class, but
still lot of information. You get up to
like 27, I think there's like 27 or 28
SOPs that are super in-depth things like
my mastering webinars SOP as an example.
72 pages of super in-depth information
on things just like this. You can check
out the links in the description of this
video if you want information on either
one of those two offers. And of course,
either way, subscribe to the channel. I
always appreciate you being here. Go
check out some of my other videos that
you may have missed. That'll ideally
help you on your journey of getting
richer.